Very cheap is very cheap.
Killing you is cold.
This sword is redundant.
But killing has no obstacles.
It's just flowers.
If you go to the real battlefield, you are not the real sword.
You dare to slander my Xiao family s sword in the Dragon Kingdom martial arts, you are the first.
Too much talk is useless.
Today I will show you what a real sword is.
Qin Xiao, why didn't you drop the protective gear?
This is not nonsense.
All are the embroidered flowers of human life.
Why would you do that?
Qin Xiao, don't be impulsive.
Little Swordsman without eyes
It's okay.
Yes.
Right.
This sword is good.
There was a lot of pride in that year.
Look at my mother.
Oh, this sword.
Emergency danger
Fortunately, Qin Xiao's body was fast.
Back like a temple.